gh-140594: Fix an out of bounds read when feeding NUL byte to `PyOS_StdioReadline` (#140910)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Security/2025-11-02-16-23-17.gh-issue-140594.YIWUpl.rst

> Fix a buffer overflow in :c:func:`!PyOS_StdioReadline` when a single NULL character is read from the standard input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a buffer overflow when a single NULL character is read from the standard input.
```

Actually, we don't need to indicate this function because it's internal.

> bytes in interactive input. Patch by Shamil Abdulaev.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a buffer overflow in :c:func:`!PyOS_StdioReadline` when
a single NULL character is read from the standard input.
Patch by Shamil Abdulaev.
```

I think something like that.
